#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via django
attrs==21.4.0
    # via jsonschema
bcrypt==3.2.0
    # via paramiko
cached-property==1.5.2
    # via docker-compose
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==2.0.11
    # via requests
coreapi==2.3.3
    # via drf-yasg
coreschema==0.0.4
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
cryptography==36.0.1
    # via paramiko
distro==1.6.0
    # via docker-compose
django==3.1.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-extensions
    #   django-filter
    #   django-session-timeout
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-yasg
    #   jsonfield
django-debug-toolbar==3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
django-filter==2.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-session-timeout==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   drf-yasg
docker[ssh]==4.4.4
    # via docker-compose
docker-compose==1.28.6
    # via -r requirements.in
dockerpty==0.4.1
    # via docker-compose
docopt==0.6.2
    # via docker-compose
drf-yasg==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
environs==7.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==19.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.3
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==4.10.1
    # via jsonschema
inflection==0.5.1
    # via drf-yasg
itypes==1.2.0
    # via coreapi
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via coreschema
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via docker-compose
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.14.1
    # via environs
numpy==1.21.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scipy
    #   sigmf
oauthlib==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.3
    # via drf-yasg
paramiko==2.9.2
    # via docker
psycopg2-binary==2.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via scos-actions
python-dotenv==0.19.2
    # via
    #   docker-compose
    #   environs
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via docker-compose
raven==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   docker
    #   docker-compose
    #   requests-futures
    #   requests-mock
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-futures==0.9.9
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-mock==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
ruamel.yaml==0.16.13
    # via
    #   drf-yasg
    #   scos-actions
ruamel.yaml.clib==0.2.6
    # via
    #   ruamel.yaml
    #   scos-actions
scipy==1.7.3
    # via scos-actions
scos-actions @ git+https://github.com/NTIA/scos-actions@bug_fix
    # via scos-usrp
scos-usrp @ git+https://github.com/NTIA/scos-usrp@fix_dependencies
    # via -r requirements.in
sigmf @ git+https://github.com/NTIA/SigMF.git@multi-recording-archive
    # via scos-actions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   django-session-timeout
    #   docker
    #   dockerpty
    #   jsonschema
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-mock
    #   sigmf
    #   websocket-client
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
texttable==1.6.4
    # via docker-compose
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   importlib-metadata
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   coreapi
    #   drf-yasg
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via requests
websocket-client==0.59.0
    # via
    #   docker
    #   docker-compose
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
